So, congratulations on making it
all the way to here.
Now, let's prepare for your security specialty exam.
So, the course covers all the services
that I think will go in the exam,
but it's possible you will see a service in the exam
that is not an answer to the question,
I call this a distractor.
Because there are over 200 AWS services,
we can't cover them all,
but if you know Cloud Practitioner,
if you know Solution Architect Associates,
you already have a really good coverage
on what could be a good answer,
and then this course gives you specialized knowledge
on the services that I think are at the exam.
So, this is from my research and my experience,
and the feedback that I get from students.
So if you see a practice exam that is not mine,
but that is covering a service that I don't cover
in this course, don't panic,
I must have intentionally left it out in my course.
Now if you do go to the exam,
and you do find a service that you think is an answer
to the question you have, and I don't cover it,
or a service feature that I don't cover,
I would love if you can please let me know at this link,
I will show you right now.
So, fairly simple, you open the link.
You scroll down, you choose Security Specialty.
And then you say it's Your Exam Experience.
And here, you write your feedback
around the type of questions you had, and so on,
this is anonymous.
If you will allow me
to reach back to you in case I have questions,
you can leave your email here, but this is optional.
And because you leave an answer, that doesn't mean
I'm going to send you an email.
Okay? Just in case if I need some clarification.
But I really appreciate you doing this
because you will help the next students
get the best knowledge they have for their exam.
So, how will the exam work?
Well, you have to register online at aws.training.
The fee for the exam is 300 US dollars.
Although if you've passed an exam before,
you can get 50% discount,
you'll have a video on this in this course.
No notes are allowed, no pen is allowed, no speaking.
And in the exam, you will have 65 questions
to answer in 170 minutes.
But you can get some minutes extra
if you're a non-native English speaker.
And at the end, you can optionally review
all the questions and answers you have replied to,
you can even flag them to know
which ones you want to review.
You will know a few days later
if you passed or failed the exam,
and you will know your overall score at the very same time.
You will never know which answers were right or wrong,
you can only guess.
And to pass, you need a score of at least 750 out of 1,000.
So, you have some margin for error, but not too much.
In case you fail, no problem,
you can retake the exam 14 days later,
and of course you have to pay again.
Now, let's have a look at the exam guide to see
if we are ready for the exam.
So, here I am on the certifications page, and we can have
a look at the exam guide and the sample questions.
So, the sample questions you can do in your own time,
and you should feel that the course covers
everything in there, and that if you want
to check your answers at the very bottom,
you will have the answers to every single question.
So, you're good to go.
Now for the exam guide, let's have a look,
so let's look at the important part within.
So, we have multiple choice, where one correct response
and three incorrect responses exist,
and multiple response when you have two or more
correct responses out of five or more options.
So, they say that there is 15 questions are unscored.
So sometimes, AWS is testing new questions.
And so, you will have these test questions,
but it turns out that even if you answer them
right or wrong, they will not count towards your score,
and only 50 questions affect your score.
But of course, you do not know which ones.
This is just a way for AWS to test new questions
and introduce them in the exam to make sure
they are the proper difficulty,
and that students pass them on average at,
I don't know how many percent.
So, the exam result is going to be communicated
after the exam, after a few days.
You have the five domains as outlined in this course.
As you can see, most of it is going
to be around infrastructure security,
identity and access management,
data protection, and logging and monitoring.
So here, the domains are described at a pretty high level,
I would say, which is around like more job functions
than actual services and features.
Yet it is still very important for you to read them
and see how you feel about those.
But this is high level overview, I would say.
And more importantly, well, the appendix is telling you
which tools are going to be covered in the exam.
And here, you have a list of the services
that may be covered in the exam,
but they will not have all the services, because well,
security is affecting every single AWS service, of course.
So, you will not see, for example, Amazon S3 in here
because well, Amazon S3, it just has a security module
that we cover in this course.
But in terms of management governance,
you have all of these.
Networking content delivery,
you have all of these, and security and compliance,
you have all of these.
And then you have
out of scope services that are not covered in this course.
Now, if you see something in the course that is not covered
in the course, but that appears at your exam, again,
please submit this feedback form to me,
and I will make sure to include the updates in the course,
I usually, I'm very efficient at including that content,
so that helps everyone.
Okay?
So, that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it.
Happy reading, and I will see you in the next lecture.